So after the interview and
the takeaways from that last section,
the one takeaway is, there's many skills
that are required to be a good leader,
you won't be good at all of them.
It's better to accept that and then try
to work on things than try to be good at
everything, it's just not possible.
I'd say, so number 1, be kind to yourself.
You should build up skills at events,
it will make the transition
to management a lot easier.
Do when you can, but
I'd say you definitely should
just get advice all around.
Take advantage of opportunities
whether internal,
if there's opportunities to move, whether
it's mentoring opportunities, whether it's
opportunities to talk to other managers,
take every opportunity you can to learn.
And like we said earlier, a lot of stuff
is luck, a lot of life is luck, and
where you end up is luck.
It's about how you leverage those
opportunities and take advantage of them
is the difference between people that
are successful and people that are not as
successful, just moving quickly and
knowing when to take advantage.
And the interview is
a measure of your potential.
As a software engineer, that first
interview, speak to what you know,
speak to your experience, but understand,
the interviewer understands this too.
You've never actually done it, so
you're probably more ambitious and
speak highly about your philosophy and
thinking scenarios are clean,
there's clean ways of solving problems.
And that's fine.
When I interviewed for
my role and reflecting back in,
I joke with my manager now who
interviewed me for the role.
And he's like, yeah, you had no idea
what you were talking about, but
you had good intent and
you had some experience to lean on.
But the truth is, where you are and
what you were talking about then is very
different, my philosophies
are different too.
And that's fine.
Just recognize that going in,
as they're measuring your potential,
not what you actually know in the moment.